Privacy Policy
July 31, 2023
Privacy Policy Quiet Tool

Anas asim lamloum  has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Anas asim lamloum collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Anas asim lamloum Services.

BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Anas asim lamloum reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Anas asim lamloum makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Anas asim lamloum may post a notice on Anas asim lamloum website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.



Non-personal data



For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Anas asim lamloum may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Anas asim lamloum users.



Anas asim lamloum may use and disclose to Person1 ’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Anas asim lamloum services and products.



You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Anas asim lamloum may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.



Personal Data

سياسة استخدام وجمع البيانات وطلب حذفها
(Quiet Tool)نحن نستخدم معلومات الايميل في حساب جوجل لغرض انشاء حساب جديد داخل تطبيق
يستطيع مزود الخدمات داخل التطبيق حفظ و تغيير الموقع باي وقت اثناء استخدام التطبيق
من خلال فتح التطبيق  ثم اضافة اماكن جديدة وحفظ او تغيير الموقع
المعلومات المطلوبة مجموعة فقط داخل قاعدة البيانات الاكثر حمايه (Google Firebase)  لغرض التعريف عن المستخدم
نلتزم بالمعايير العالمية لحفظ الخصوصية نحن لا نبيع ولانشارك ولانعالج اي بيانات لاي غرض كان
سوى لاستخدامها لاجل التعريف عن الاشخاص داخل التطبيق
كون التطبيق هوة منصة للخدمات الموقع يحتاج لتعريف اسماء المستخدمين الحقيقية ويستخدم جوجل في عملية انشاء الحساب والتسجيل
يستطيع الاشخاص طلب حذف بياناتهم من قاعدة بيانات تطبيق (Quiet Tool)
من خلال مراسلة الايميل الرسمي
quiettooiapp@gmail.com


The policy of data usage, collection, and deletion

(Quiet Tool) if you accept the permission you need to know that, the location in the background should always be in use to save the user's location in Firebase to convert from silent mode to the main mode or vibration mode as you save it with the location you save.
The service provider within the application can save and change the location at any time while using the application

(Quiet Tool) We use the email information in the Google account for the purpose of creating a new account within the application

By opening the application, then adding new places and saving or changing the location

The required information is collected only within the most secure database (Google Firebase) for the purpose of identifying the user

We adhere to international standards of privacy. We do not sell, share, or process any data for any purpose

Only to be used in order to identify people within the application

Since the application is a platform for services, the site needs to define the real user names and uses Google in the account creation and registration process

People can request the deletion of their data from the Quiet Tool database.

By sending an official email

quiettooiapp@gmail.com


For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.



Personal information collected by Anas asim lamloum is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account



information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. Anas asim lamloum also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.



Anas asim lamloum may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Anas asim lamloum services and products. Anas asim lamloum may combine non-personal data with personal data.



Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Anas asim lamloum may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Person1 . This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Anas asim lamloum may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Anas asim lamloum and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data



Anas asim lamloum collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Anas asim lamloum may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



Anas asim lamloum may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Person1 ’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Person1 . These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Anas asim lamloum may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Anas asim lamloum has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Person1 . Anas asim lamloum is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.



Anas asim lamloum may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Anas asim lamloum to legal liability. Anas asim lamloum may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Anas asim lamloum has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Person1 ’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Anas asim lamloum believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Anas asim lamloum ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Person1 . To the extent permitted by applicable law, Anas asim lamloum will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Person1 ’s website or in another reasonable manner.



Safeguards



Anas asim lamloum follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Person1 ’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Person1 ’s possession. Personal data collected by Anas asim lamloum is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Anas asim lamloum maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Person1 ’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.



Other



Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Anas asim lamloum may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Anas asim lamloum is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.



If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Anas asim lamloum takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Anas asim lamloum does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Anas asim lamloum learns that Anas asim lamloum has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Anas asim lamloum will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Person1 ’s records.



Anas asim lamloum may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Anas asim lamloum may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Person1 ’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.



Anas asim lamloum regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Anas asim lamloum receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Person1 ’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Anas asim lamloum will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Person1 .



3rd party services



We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.



Advertising



3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Anas asim lamloum apps, possibly based on user interests.



by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/



Analytics



3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.



Google Analytics



Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of Anas asim lamloum Apps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)



Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance



We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.



Contact Us



Email: quiettooiapp@gmail.com
